Update allow-direct-connect-with-all-organizations.md (#9385)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/solutions/allow-direct-connect-with-all-organizations.md

> [!NOTE]
> Changes to cross-tenant access settings may take two hours to take effect.

> [!NOTE]

> > The groups should also be enabled for guest access. For more informaton, read [Manage groups guest access](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/admin/create-groups/manage-guest-access-in-groups)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The groups should also be enabled for guest access. For more information, read [Manage guest access in Microsoft 365 Groups](/microsoft-365/admin/create-groups/manage-guest-access-in-groups).
```
